hello guys come by Excel here but I play
a game called derpy
well
why me mr. Kehoe's I used to be loved by
many oh it's this kind of game
I used to meet them laugh and fill their
hearts with joy
oh man I love the animation style oh
this is amazing and sad Wendy I finally
decided to come out and talk to them all
this is depressing and what happened
then some of them get angry and call me
memes
stupid retarded thanks it
yeah
they want my name cheese for me to go
away forever
I never meant to hurt anyone's feelings
I just don't know what went wrong
as one more
whoa whoa I see this one oh shoot
awesome awesome
then Derpy's little world all set
whoa
I guess I said I said in the game
I'm not
look dick huh mushiya fall is she she's
gonna oh okay cool cool cool
how about you go falter death or she
leaving all of me you know
ah that she goes you would never forget
you therapy never
we will always remember that moment when
derpy talked forever anyways that's the
end of game see you dudes